Adding Chapter on Hosting Events with Public Contributors (#3638)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/collaboration/ppie-events/ppie-events-comms.md

Providing clear and timely information will help your attendees with lived experiences plan their attendance safely, and in a way that supports them engaging fully in your event. 
This will also be supportive of attendees with busy schedules who may be booked out significantly in advance.

Your "Save the Date" should include an overview of honorarium or reimbursement support, the date, and the approximate location of the event such as Zoom, or the name of the city where the event will take place. 
It should also reference how long the event is likely to be, for example, if it's a multi-day event or a few hours. 

By providing guidance along with a "Save the Date", your attendees would have appropriate time to be able to make arrangements, and also be able to make an informed choice about if they are able to attend. 

Consider sending out different forms of a "Save the Date" to support how different people use and interact with online calendars. 
For example, depending on your attendees you may need to:
* send out an online calendar placeholder,

> * send an email invitation written in plain text with formatted headings,

Author: I believe that it's actually a combo of both. 

Formatted headings meaning that instead of bolding and increasing the font size, the actual formatting is used to register a heading, and then plain text referring to both plain language, and also using markup(?) plain text. 

We can add more information/clarification on this.

> * send an email invitation written in plain text with formatted headings,

Reviewer: Yeah, I think the challenging bit is that those are (partially) mutually exclusive. Formatted headings means non-plain text. Maybe like this for now? 

```suggestion
* send an email invitation written in plain language with simple formatted headings,
```

This can be helpful for people with lived experience of cognitive or sensory differences. 

(cl-ppie-events-comms-attendees)=
## Who will be attending
Many people with lived experience and members of the public may experience additional anxiety due to being in an unfamiliar environment where they can often feel like their presence is tokenistic. 
If you have planned your event well, attendees with lived experience should feel welcomed and able to engage fully in the event.

It can be helpful in your communications to state who will be in attendance.
For example "researchers, clinicians, experts by experience, policymakers, and funding bodies".

Finally, consider including short introductions and background information about the speakers and session facilitators in your event information. 
Many people with lived experience may feel more comfortable engaging in an event where they know who they are speaking with and it can be a helpful way to build rapport. 

(cl-ppie-events-comms-presentation-material)=
## Presentation Slides and Event Content

> Although it can be common to prepare presentation slides at the penultimate hour, to be as inclusive as possible, please work with your speakers and presenters to finalize session content before the event. 

Author: 100%
